index.md, before:

---
layout: default
parse_block_html: true
---

<span class="lato">English-Indonesian Translation Services</span>
  
Are you looking to translate your documents, websites, web apps, smartphone 
apps, ads, or other media from English to Indonesian or vice versa? We can 
give you rapid translations with great quality for an affordable price. Each
 of our translators is certified and is able to get through 1,500-2,500 words 
per day. We provide technical, marketing, academic, business, financial, 
or other translation services and our translations can be performed by 
more than one of our professional translators when the job requires them.   

[Send us][contact-us] your file with `.docx`, `.pdf`, `.rtf`, `.txt`, 
`.indd`, `.psd` format, `strings.xml` file, or any other file with text you 
want us to translate! We will get back to you soon with our price 
and duration for the job.

  
---  
<br/> 
 
<span class="lato">Jasa Penerjemahan Bahasa Indonesia-Inggris</span>

Anda butuh terjemahan untuk dokumen, situs, aplikasi web atau ponsel, iklan,
atau media Anda lainnya dari Bahasa Inggris ke Indonesia atau sebaliknya? 
Kami dapat memberikan Anda pelayanan penerjemahan yang cepat dengan kualitas
 baik dan harga yang terjangkau. Semua penerjemah bersertifikat dan dapat 
menyelesaikan 1.500-2.500 kata per hari. Kami menyediakan layanan 
penerjemahan untuk bidang teknis, pemasaran, akademik, bisnis, keuangan, 
atau lainnya, dan penerjemahan dapat dilakukan oleh beberapa penerjemah 
profesional kami sekaligus apabila diperlukan.  

[Kirimkan][contact-us] berkas Anda dengan format `.docx`, `.pdf`, `.rtf`, 
`.txt`, `.indd`, `.psd`, berkas `strings.xml`, atau berkas lainnya 
yang berisi teks yang Anda ingin kami terjemahkan! Kami akan menghubungi 
Anda kembali dan memberitahukan harga dan waktu pengerjaannya.


[contact-us]: mailto:settrans.eits@gmail.com

Commit message:

justify text, wording, and refactoring

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

<span class="lato">English-Indonesian Translation Services</span>
  
Are you looking to translate your documents, websites, web apps, smartphone 
apps, ads, or other media from English to Indonesian or vice versa? We can 
give you rapid translations with great quality for an affordable price. Each
 of our translators is certified and is able to get through 1,500-2,500 
words per day. We provide technical, marketing, academic, business, 
financial, or other translation services and our translations can be 
performed by more than one of our professional translators when the job 
requires them.   
{: style="text-align: justify;"}

[Send us][contact-us] your file with `.docx`, `.pdf`, `.rtf`, `.txt`, 
`.indd`, `.psd` format, `strings.xml` file, or any other file with text you 
want us to translate! We will get back to you soon with our price 
and duration for the job.
{: style="text-align: justify;"}
  
---  
<br/> 
 
<span class="lato">Jasa Penerjemahan Bahasa Indonesia-Inggris</span>

Anda butuh terjemahan untuk dokumen, situs, aplikasi web atau ponsel, iklan,
atau media Anda lainnya dari Bahasa Inggris ke Indonesia atau sebaliknya? 
Kami dapat memberikan Anda pelayanan penerjemahan yang cepat dengan kualitas
 baik dan harga yang terjangkau. Semua penerjemah bersertifikat dan dapat 
menyelesaikan 1.500-2.500 kata per hari. Kami menyediakan layanan 
penerjemahan untuk bidang teknis, pemasaran, akademik, bisnis, keuangan, 
atau lainnya, dan penerjemahan dapat dilakukan oleh beberapa penerjemah 
profesional kami sekaligus apabila diperlukan.  
{: style="text-align: justify;"}

[Kirimkan][contact-us] berkas Anda dengan format `.docx`, `.pdf`, `.rtf`, 
`.txt`, `.indd`, `.psd`, berkas `strings.xml`, atau berkas lainnya 
yang berisi teks yang Anda ingin kami terjemahkan! Kami akan menghubungi 
Anda kembali dan memberitahukan harga dan waktu pengerjaannya.
{: style="text-align: justify;"}


[contact-us]: mailto:settrans.eits@gmail.com
